So let's add an image as a background for this area, for this reddish pink area here.
Now I added an image, you can find it attached to this video,
it's this one here, freedom because we are a really great host with a lot of freedom for our customers
and we can add this as a background image for the product overview where we have that other color right
now by simply removing the color assignment and using the URL helper method,
this allows us to reference an image file which will be loaded as a background thereafter. URL
takes a string,
so you have to add double quotation marks,
opening and closing and in between, you add the path pointing to your image.
This could also be a hyper reference, so HTTP something, some link to a file on a server or a local file
as in our case. If it's in a subfolder, you would add subfolder slash whatever the path to the file,
in this case it's in the same folder,
so I'll just add freedom.jpg and that's all.
If I add this and I reload, this adds the image.
Now it's too big as you can see
but for now, this will do, this is better from a contrast perspective in my opinion than the solid color
was.
We'll work on positioning and working with that image in the background and images section where you
will learn a lot about how you can control that images and background images look exactly the way you
want, to be precise you will learn how you can center this and so on, really cool stuff.
For now, this does it though,
looks way better,
the next goal will be to work on the remaining sections of our starting page.
We'll dive into this in the next course module.